More explanation of Windows installation process (#1122)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/getting_started/installation.md

:::

::: tab Docker

> If you are new to Docker, you can learn more about setting it up [here] (https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to Docker, you can learn more about it on the [official documentation](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/). 
```

> Using **Docker** you can choose to run [any available tags](https://hub.docker.com/r/getmeili/meilisearch/tags).

Reviewer 2: These two sentences feel a bit disconnected, as if they were forced together. Do you think we can improve it?

Reviewer 2: I guess a related issue is the order here. We first send people to learn about docker before saying why they should do it.

Author: updated the order

Reviewer 2: Remember to resolved the conversation =)

```

Data written to a **Docker container is not persistent** and is deleted along with the container when the latter is stopped. Docker volumes are not deleted when containers are removed. It is then recommended to share volumes between your containers and your host machine to provide persistent storage. MeiliSearch writes data to `/data.ms`

> If you are new to Docker, you can learn more about it on the [official documentation](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).

Reviewer 2: Really not a fan of that line break that doesn't start a new line. The division of the content becomes visually unclear, IMHO, and I think we need to either integrate into the previous paragraph or push it down one line:

![Screen Shot 2021-09-30 at 16 24 35](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1923183/135473908-a87e5432-66ac-4e81-88ca-802182d6a82c.jpg)
 
Also, simplifying the sentence a bit:
```suggestion

You can learn more about Docker on the [official documentation](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).
```

:::

::: tab Windows

To install MeiliSearch on Windows, you can:

- use Docker
- [download the latest binary](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliSearch/releases)
- compile from source

> If you are new to the Windows CMD, you can learn more about it [here](https://www.makeuseof.com/tag/a-beginners-guide-to-the-windows-command-line/).

Reviewer 2: What do you think about my other comment on dropping the conditional to simplify this line? And do you think we could avoid using `here` as a link text?

:::

::: tab Windows

> If you are new to the Windows CMD, you can learn more about it [here] (https://www.makeuseof.com/tag/a-beginners-guide-to-the-windows-command-line/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to the Windows CMD, you can learn more about it [here](https://www.makeuseof.com/tag/a-beginners-guide-to-the-windows-command-line/).
```

> To install MeiliSearch on Windows, you can:

Reviewer 2: I'm thinking something similar to my comment on lines 38-39 might be happening here: we first send people to a tutorial before we say anything regarding how it works in the context of MeiliSearch
